So, we know that the data is coming.
The data is being parsed into your
own data model, but right now,
when we look at the menu page,
we're actually rendering just 15
elements that are dummy products.
So we actually need to change this.
So, we need to access our menu manager,
remember the menu manager is the one
that is holding all our the information
about our products, and
it's the one that is actually
downloading the data from the network.
So, we injected this as
an environment object.
So what I need to do is create
an environment object variable here in my
menu page, so
it's going to be a dependency.
Call it menu manager of type menu manager.
Remember, we don't need to create an
instance of it because it's automatically
being taken.
It's like dependency injection that
you have on some kind of that,
someone's going to inject
that dependency for us.
So now, the for each,
it shouldn't be like this.
It should for example, loop through
all the categories that are where?
In menu manager, menumanager.menu,
that's the array of categories.
Let's look at that for a second,
the menu manager has a menu,
there is an array of categories, so
I'm actually going to loop through that.
So, the premise that,
I'm having an error saying that hey,
if you wanna loop through these items,
those items needs to conform
to identifiable, okay?
So that's another protocol.
So in this case, that means that
we need to add another protocol,
it's called identifiable.
Identifiable is forcing us to
have a property with a name ID.
But, this web service has no ID for
the category.
So something that we can do to solve the
problem is we can create IDs on the fly,
it's possible.
Or we can create a property,
a compute property just
returning the name as the ID.
So I'm not duplicating the content,
I'm just,
when someone is asking for
ID, I'm saying, yeah, okay?
So we cannot have two categories
of the same name, okay?
If you're using this technique.
So now going back here, we shouldn't see
the same error here, so that it's gone.
That's the categories.
So now, instead of item we
can call this the category.
So for example, we can render
hear the name of that category.
And after the category name,
what do we need?
We need the products.
And that's another loop, okay?
So this is like a nested loop.
So it's another for
each that will loop through,
in this case, the category.products.
And that will give me a product.
Does it make sense?
And inside each product I
need a navigation link that
goes to a detail page when
you run there a product item.
But instead of a dummy product,
what do I need to add here?
What do I need to use?
The product, is this variable, okay?
Like so.
But it's also complaining that the product
is not conforming to identifiable.
So, we know how to solve the problem, but
in this case it's even easier
because we have already an ID.
So we just need to say that we
are identifiable, and that's all.
So, now, in my menu page,
we shouldn't see any arrows,
we can get a better UI,
change your paddings, and so on.
But from a code point of view,
remember that when you have that problem,
you need to click diagnostic
to see what's the problem.
The problem is, if I zoom in a little bit,
there is a crash report that the previous
missing the environment
object menu manager.
Sure, this is because every time we
have a preview of a view that has
a dependency on an environment object,
we also need to inject that environment
object in the preview, okay?
Remember that.
There are other solutions,
architecture solutions for that.
But yeah, this is the first
day you're working with Swift.
So, let's do the simple way, there's
just here add an environment object and
we're going to create a new
instance of the menu manager.
So now, in the preview, I'm not sure if
you recognize something different now.
If I make this interactive,
walla, we have hot coffee,
black Americano, cappuccino,
macchiato, we have different images.
We didn't have that before.
Then we have snacks, we have different
section for a snack, for tea.
So it seems like, hey,
it's working, right?
I know you were not trusting that this
will work, but it's working, okay?
So, it's actually
downloading all the data,
it's rendering the dynamic async image,
okay?
It works as expected.
Do you have any questions at this point?
So I can make a comment at this point,
it's not ready yet.
We still need to connect some
missing dots but closer.
>> [INAUDIBLE] expensive cuz they
have also zeros just decimal points.
>> Well, we went on to solve that.
So, the problem is the price, okay?
The price is a double and as you can see
here, it looks like a Bitcoin decimal.
So, we need to solve that problem.
Unfortunately, it's not so complicated.
First, where is that problem?
That problem is in product item.
In product item,
we are rendering one item.
And in fact we can see the problem
here in the previous one, okay?
So, how to solve the problem quickly?
There are number four models and
lots of things that we can do.
But when we have this template string,
we can add a second argument
with some properties.
And one is called a specifier.
And here we can do
something like this %-.2f.
Okay it's giving me an error, see.
Okay so %.2f, it's taking the float,
it's taking the value and
saying .2 there's only
two decimals as a float.
So now even in the preview,
we can see it looks better.
And now if we go to the menu page and
wait for it,
let's increase here the font
size in the preview.
We can see that we have just solved
the problem of the float, okay?
Makes sense.
So, there are more ways
to solve the problem, but
this was I think, pretty good.
So the problem that we have now is
that if I get into the product,
let's zoom out a little bit.
This is still dummy, okay?
So, that's because the details page is
not actually receiving a product, okay?
So we need to solve that.
We need a dependency, we need a variable,
not a state variable because one detail
page is not changing the product.
The product is coming from the outside,
okay?
Like an input property.
So, it's just a normal variable, and
they're going to call this
variable product of type product.
And I will make it mandatory,
so not optional.
But anyways, as we go through here,
we need this to be public.
We don't need to stay public
because that's the default.
But most of the time, it's a good idea to
make state variables as private, okay?
So have that in mind.
I don't wanna add too much
information to your brains today, but
that's kind of good practice.
So, anyway, when you have the product and
because we have the product now we
can change image with a sync image.
So we can go and
download these from the network, and
that we're receiving the URL and
we're going to take the image URL.
For the product name, it's product.name.
Then we have the price here, and
we can do the same as before.
We do product.price,
Ctrl+space or Esc is going to help you
to actually access all the options,
all we can just copy and paste from
the orders page or from the product item.
Then sub total, now we do have a price.
So can we do something magic here,
instead of 425, we can add an expression.
That is going to be the quantity
that if you remember,
it's actually a property of the state
variable multiplied by the price.
And also we can use the same
float to the specifier, okay?
So now it's complaining because Swift
is kind of tricky at this point.
JavaScript will never complain about this,
but the price is double, and
the quantity is an integer.
So it's saying, hey, I cannot multiply
these types, but we know it's simple,
we can convert the quantity to double,
I made that happen.
And to do that,
we use just a double constructor,
we pass the integer and
that makes the trick.
Okay, so, now if we resume the preview,
we have a problem.
The problem is that yeah,
we are missing the argument
because now we have to set the product,
where in many places for example here.
Now, the details page
needs a product object.
Does it makes sense.
So I need to provide one.
So, [COUGH] I need to pass one that
I can create here on the file or
I can have another file
with dummy products for us.
But that this is a dummy product.
The same go well no emish, but
also probably the previous not gonna work.
Let's see, because we are still
having an error in the whole project,
not in this file.
Remember that when you're
receiving error in the preview,
it's not always because of this file.
It may be something that is wrong
in the rest of the project.
And that's because the menu page,
it's also asking for
the product is an argument.
So we need to pass the product now
as an argument, because we said so,
which says that the details page needs as
a dependency a brother, okay makes sense.
So, now I can build command B bills.
So now the details page
preview should work,
it says dummy so
it's working and look at this.
I will increase this and
automatically my total works, okay?
So it's working.